Added documentation for select entries, map-to-list, and trucate processors. (#6660)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/sources/s3.md

`s3_select` | No | [s3_select](#s3_select) | The Amazon S3 Select configuration.
`scan` | No | [scan](#scan) | The S3 scan configuration.
`delete_s3_objects_on_read` | No | Boolean | When `true`, the S3 scan attempts to delete S3 objects after all events from the S3 object are successfully acknowledged by all sinks. `acknowledgments` should be enabled when deleting S3 objects. Default is `false`.

> `workers` | No | Integer | The number of worker threads. Default is `1`, with a min of `1` and a max of `1000`.  Each worker thread created subscribes to Amazon SQS messages. When a worker receives a message from SQS, that worker processes the message independently from the other workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`workers` | No | Integer | The number of worker threads. Default is `1`, with a min of `1` and a max of `1000`. Each worker thread subscribes to Amazon SQS messages. When a worker receives an SQS message, that worker processes the message independently from the other workers.
```

> `workers` | No | Integer | Default value 1. Min is 1 and Max is 1000. When set to value `n` which more than 1, `n` number of worker threads are created. Each of the worker threads subscribe to listening to SQS messages and upon receiving a message, process it independent of the other workers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`workers` | No | Integer | The number of worker threads. Default is `1`, with a min of `1` and a max of `1000`.  Each worker thread created subscribes to Amazon SQS messages. When a worker receives a message from SQS, that worker processes the message independently from the other workers.
```
